Add prometheus exporter env vars (#1021)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/sdk-environment-variables.md

| ----------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| OTEL_EXPORTER_ZIPKIN_ENDPOINT | Endpoint for Zipkin traces | <!-- markdown-link-check-disable --> "http://localhost:9411/api/v2/spans"<!-- markdown-link-check-enable --> |

## Prometheus Exporter

| Name                          | Description                     | Default                      |
| ----------------------------- | --------------------------------| ---------------------------- |
| OTEL_EXPORTER_PROMETHEUS_HOST | Host of the Prometheus exporter | All addresses: "0.0.0.0"     |

> | OTEL_EXPORTER_PROMETHEUS_PORT | Port of the Prometheus exporter | 9496                         |

Author: Shall we use the same port across instrumentations? This port is from the JS SDK.

https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/wiki/Default-port-allocations
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/tree/master/packages/opentelemetry-exporter-prometheus

Reviewer: As 9496 is reserved port in Prometheus as per above links, I think it is a bad idea to use it here by default

Author: My bad, I made a typo. I wanted to propose 9464 which is assigned to OTel JS exporter (see the link above). We could rename it in the p8s docs that it applies for all OTEL SDKs.

Reviewer: This is a VERY good idea :)

> | OTEL_EXPORTER_PROMETHEUS_HOST | Host of the Prometheus exporter | All addresses: "0.0.0.0"     |
> | OTEL_EXPORTER_PROMETHEUS_PORT | Port of the Prometheus exporter | 9464                         |

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if this is any better, was trying to make it more clear that this is not a remote port that the exporter talks to, but rather a local port that the exporter binds to / exposes the metrics on. Though likely this is obvious to Prometheus users already.
```suggestion
| OTEL_EXPORTER_PROMETHEUS_HOST | Host address used by the Prometheus exporter | All addresses: "0.0.0.0"     |
| OTEL_EXPORTER_PROMETHEUS_PORT | Port used by the Prometheus exporter | 9464                         |
```
